Update documentation of the Appium image release cycle (#3106)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/appium/appium-versions.md

## Real Devices

> ### Real Device Appium Images
> 
> The release strategy for Appium images in RDC is the following:
> 
> - We offer a `stable` image, which is our LTS (Long-time support) image. We change this image as conservatively as possible. The regular update schedule is 1 year. We will inform you when this image will be updated and offer a migration guide for all breaking changes from one `stable` image to a new `stable` image. The stable image is subject to change, to ensure the latest OS versions and device models are continuously supported with the latest Appium drivers. If we release a new `stable` image, we will release a preview, suchas `stable-2025`. You will be able to adjust to this new stable image, before we promote this image to the new `stable` image.
> 
> - Additionally, we offer a `latest` version. The regular update schedule of this image is quaterly, but we might update this image on demand, if an device-OS update introduces a widespread breaking change, that can only be resolved by updating appium drivers. This version includes all the most recent Appium 2 drivers and server at the time of the release. This image does not have an EOL, since its updated regularly. Use this image if you want to leverage the most recent appium bug fixes and features in your tests, but beware that your tests might break, if you use depreacted appium functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Real Device Appium Images

The release strategy for Appium images in RDC is the following:

- We provide a `stable` image, which is our Long-Term Support (LTS) image. We update this image as conservatively as possible. Our regular update schedule is every 12 months. We will notify you when we update this image and provide a migration guide for any breaking changes from the previous `stable` image to the new one. The stable image is subject to change to ensure continuous support for the latest OS versions and device models with the latest Appium drivers. When we release a new `stable` image, we will first issue a preview, such as `stable-2025`. You can adjust to this new stable image before we officially promote it to the new `stable` image.

- Additionally, we offer the `latest` version. The regular update schedule for this image is every 3 months. However, we may update this image on demand if a device-OS update introduces a widespread breaking change that can only be resolved by updating Appium drivers. This version includes the most recent Appium 2 server and drivers available at the time of release. This image does not have an EOL since it is updated regularly. You can use this image to take advantage of the latest Appium bug fixes and features in your tests, but be aware that your tests may break if you use deprecated Appium functionality.
```
